# CV-Final-Project

Quick overview of the directory structure, and the code we wrote and their purpose:

### cnn/

Contains the `.py` files associated w/ our Binary Image Classifier. We also have the trained weights for the model.

### earthengine/

Contains the logic we used to analyze the 2023 Wildfire data and query Google Earth Engine for the satellite images we needed to agument the dataset. Contains the original `earthengine.js` used in Google's in-browser editor, and the `earthengine.py` file that was actually run locally to to query and automatically save the data to drive from the command line.

### geo/first-pass

Contains the manually defined GeoJSON border data for the state of Oregon

### geo/getpoints

Contains the logic for generating points within the borders of Oregon using Poisson-disc sampling. `getpoints.py` file contains the logic, all other `.csv`/`.geojson` files are some of the outputted results from the function.

### geo/getimagesmapbox

Contains the logic for ingesting points generated by `getpoints.py`, querying Mapbox for a cluster of satellite images surrounding each point, and storing the results locally.

### visualization/

Contains code for the web-app used to generate the heatmap visualization, taking as input the `.geojson` results from `run_oregon.py` from the `cnn` directory.

## Full Directory Structure (2 levels)
```
.
├── README.md
├── cnn
│   ├── data
│   ├── model
│   └── oregon_sample
├── earthengine
│   ├── 2023_Wildland_Fire_Incident_Locations_to_Date.csv
│   ├── README.md
│   ├── earthengine-backup.py
│   ├── earthengine.js
│   ├── earthengine.py
│   ├── localdisplay
│   ├── my-secret-key.json
│   └── test.py
├── geo
│   ├── first-pass
│   ├── getimagesmapbox
│   └── getpoints
├── openweather.py
├── sample.json
├── splitimages.py
├── visualization
│   └── wildfire-vis
└── wildfire-11000.json
```
